SEODescriptionAdditions: User Story 1657424, part4 (#19054)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-create-mdi-parent-forms.md

---
title: "How to: Create MDI Parent Forms"

> description: Learn how to create MDI parent Windows Forms programatically and by using the Windows Forms Designer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to create an MDI parent form programmatically and by using the Windows Forms Designer.
```
